I'mThis repository holds different projects and practice completed by Joy Dhairyalakshmi Gowda. Python is new to me and I just started learning language part-time in 2023. The exercises, games or practice are from ones from several Python video courses (from LinkedIn & YouTube) or books read, reading or completed that aren't forked off GitHub. I don't use Python everyday, but looking for remote programming employment now, so learning to think in code to make projects start to finish would always require effort. OOP language, C++, I knew before uses different syntax. JavaScript was last language I used in programming role in 2017. I heard from gossip that I was supposed to prepare for job since 2011, but I wasn't ever given message or opportunity to prepare because of the OTHER people present when news was delivered to a lookalike who rejected good tech job immediately.  

If something you found helps you, don't forget to tip your muse for good karma, ask me for correct CashApp or Zelle link (hint: both should have 904 phone number ending in 39). I'm identity fraud survivor, so watch out for scammers using my former names and/or old emails. An collection of scammers are persistent about financial/economic abuse to replace me. I was stalked since 1989 or 1990 and it's certainly affected my career since I worked as manager of music store in New Jersey. I need the right programming or information technology job. Taking survival jobs did harm my career but I am ready for rebound. 

If you donated to Starship HSA before Tuesday 6/25/24, I received nothing and account was closed that day for no activity. I am stalked by pretty bad ex so I'm broke because force/coercion makes him think he will get something from me with poverty. No chance I WANT to talk to him as long as he suggests illegal, immoral or unethical things. Men who sleep with EVERY woman that catches their eye pass on AIDS or other incurable diseases. Eventually to have positive society change, most men & women need to learn to say no to sex/practice chastity. More partners = more risk of diseases (many are fatal) = not worth the effort! 

I'm introverted and empathetic, but still an effective leader. My life doesn't revolve around my desk, since I need work/sleep/eating/gardening balance. I don't use Facebook, Twitter, SnapChat, Instagram, Bigger Pockets or most social media channels. You aren't interacting with me on social media other than with LinkedIn.com/in/joy-gowda!

Did you know my facts? I cannot have opinions on either Bitcoin or Ethereum message because NEITHER were heard by me. NOTHING WAS DISCUSSED WITH ME AND I WASN'T ASKED. I wrote snippet of code in 2009, but never received payment, nor credit for it to know what project it was used in. I wasn't the programmer who wanted anyone replaced, removed or excluded. Hard to replace people; quantaum entanglement applies besides genetic tests! No reason for me to be removed from consideration for any management role based on assumptions, nor without discussion. No business was offered to me to keep promises to third party. The brothel businesses weren't mine, but probably same name or similar name issue! 

Analysis of situation: Grifters resulted in SQL code (different repository) being written. Identity frauds might edit my code portfolio to appear wrong to prevent employment! Some troll me over old emails decade or two after emails were no longer used, so old email accounts are read and used by the wrong people instead! Because privacy was violated and incorrect information was shared, I have to be public here! It appears competing dom (while I was/am inactive) focuses on an old and irrelevant photo to prevent important gifts from reaching me! An assigned guy found only identity frauds so far because current practitioners shifted away from what I was taught about privacy, integrity and choice? Doms don't pick "slaves" from photographs, nor pick based on racial identity, demand suicide, nor include children either. Children? I wasn't notified of any children who had been harmed by anyone because I lived with the only 3 kids that I gave birth to! Doms had been private relationships, not public and not sexual(!) back then. Wealth & identity cannot ethically be taken, withheld or seized by doms either! Honestly, I'm not sure if anyone should tolerate doms who lack integrity! They do have responsibility to do no unnecessary harm, because bodies are still required and health is necessary to life. Complex process required more than just violence, but knowledge and understanding of several fields to maintain health. 

So NOW can my family reveal secrets kept from me in Jacksonville because I suspect that it's related to lifetime of identity fraud issues and someone who tried to contact me thru my maiden name regarding Python programming work? 

PS: Yes, I DO mean exactly what I say. Integrity. Only my youngest son of 3 had speech apraxia diagnosis with speech impediment but he COULD be understood by people who cared. I hope people stop playing games and wasting everyone's time soon. Identity swaps are ALWAYS illegal and unethical. Ex created interpretation of some false prophecy to harass me with, but it's really about a different woman than me! Are we in the version of America that ships US Citizens to countries completely foreign to them based on jealous exes acting like tyrants to prevent programming job? Is that true?

Aum Namah Shivah
